README.md, before:

# Blogging

During this course, you will be required to set up a personal technical blog,
blog regularly and share some blog posts with your fellow classmates.

But don't worry! It's going to be fun. We promise.

## Why We Blog

There are a number of very important reasons for maintaining your blog. Having a
personal technical blog demonstrates that you:

* Know your craft

* Understand and are passionate about your industry

* Can communicate through writing

And perhaps you can even build an audience - suggesting you’re pretty darn
likeable!

All of these are important down the line (don't worry about it now!) when you
are engaging in the job search.

Lastly, and very importantly, by blogging, you are giving back to the
development community of which you are now a part. How many times over the past
few weeks have you Googled something like "iterate over nested hash ruby" and
stumbled upon someone's technical blog? Even if you haven't had that experience
yet, we guarantee that over the course of the next few months, you'll follow
along with some generous developers blog post to implement something like
[web scraping with Ruby][], [setting up the Devise gem in a Rails application][]
or even [making your own gem][].

[web scraping with Ruby]: https://medium.com/@LindaHaviv/the-beginner-s-guide-scraping-in-ruby-cheat-sheet-c4f9c26d1b8c#.kkwe918o4
[setting up the Devise gem in a Rails application]: https://medium.com/@sherriously/switching-from-standard-bcrypt-rails-authentication-to-devise-1fd0e910bdda#.fj8ckgksq
[making your own gem]: http://www.thegreatcodeadventure.com/lets-make-a-gem/

As a beginning developer, you'll find yourself taking advantage of the many
wonderful blogs out there. That's one of the great things about the tech
community--it's full of people who want to learn, and who want to help others
learn.

_Your_ blog is your opportunity to give back to the tech community.

**Don't assume that, because you are a beginner, you have nothing to
contribute.** Your perspective as a beginner is immensely valuable, especially
to other beginners.

Below, we'll discuss the benefits of blogging and how you can get started.

## Benefits of Blogging

Blogging has many benefits for job seekers and non-seekers alike.

For starters, as a new developer, blogging allows you to reflect on what you
have learned. (Aka personal development.)

Blogging allows you to cement new concepts and technologies, and provides a
platform in which you can go deeper into exploring those concepts.

Learning to code takes lots of practice and lots of repetition. Once you
complete one new challenge, you'll have to re-enact what you learned again and
again, and even build on it. We've seen students write simple how-to blog posts
and revisit their own posts again and again when faced with similar challenges.

Blogging also sets you apart from others in the job search. When an employer
sees that you have a blog, it shows you’re unique, passionate, and productive on
your own time. And guess what? Hiring managers want to hire people who are passionate
and driven.

Even more, blogging shows a lot more than a resume does. On a resume, you simply
recall your experience, accomplishments, and what skills you have. With a blog
you show what you can do. It ultimately provides more information on you and
your personality than a resume alone.

Aside from standing out to employers, maintaining a blog keeps you sharp. It
gives you the opportunity to put your skills to use. Skills like developing and
designing your website to writing content.

Blogging also gives you the opportunity to engage with other bloggers, and vice
versa. It is a great way to engage with others and build relationships with
people in your industry.

Blogging is an investment in yourself. It's a space in which you can showcase
what you've learned, strengthen and explore what you're learning and contribute
to the larger tech community.

And above all, it's fun! **Don't think that every blog post you write must be
ground-breaking.** Your blog is your space to explore what you're learning, and
keep in mind that there are a lot of beginners out there that will benefit from
you sharing what you're learning at every stage of your development as a
developer.

## Some Short and Happy Stories About Blogging

While we mainly blog for our own personal growth and to give back to the
community, ocassionally, blogging during coursework has led some surprising
results!

* One former student, Tracy, maintained a technical blog while she was a student
and TA at Flatiron. When Tracy applied to be a developer at Rent the Runway, her
future employers checked out her [awesome blog][] and liked it so much, they
skipped over giving her a code challenge and advanced her to the final interview
stage.

* Another student, Steven, had their [blog post][] picked up by a Medium
publication.

* One student from 2017 received a job offer from an employer who found him
_through his blog_.

[awesome blog]: http://talum.github.io/
[blog post]: https://codeburst.io/bottom-of-the-barrel-8ef73eff00f0

## Getting Started

We recommend setting up your blog on an easy-to-use platform like
[Medium](https://medium.com/) or [Tumblr](https://www.tumblr.com/). Setting up
your blog and posting new content should be easy––reserve your effort for
writing blog posts and learning to code. However, if you want a bit of an extra
challenge, you can try blogging with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) or
[Octopress](http://octopress.org/). Or, if you're willing to pay a monthly fee,
we recommend using [Ghost](https://ghost.org/).

Don't hesitate to write your first blog post. Keep it simple. Pick a small topic
that you're interested in exploring more, or a concept/technique/technology that
you recently learned about that you'd like to cement for yourself. Something
like [Nested Arrays and Hashes in Ruby][] or even
something a little less technical.

[Nested Arrays and Hashes in Ruby]: http://www.korenlc.com/nested-arrays-hashes-loops-in-ruby/

Soon, we'll deploy a schedule of blog posts. Every day three different students
will have a completed blog post due that they will share with the class. You can
expect to have one blog post due every two-and-a-half to three weeks (but don't
hesitate to blog more frequently than that!)

## General Guidelines

* Stick to programming related topics.
* If you are including code examples, make sure to test them and ensure there are no errors
* Do not plagiarize
* No offensive material. Remember, this is a blog that you will be able to use
  in your future job search.
* Citing any sources is very helpful to your readers.

Don't forget to check spelling and grammar before publishing!

Commit message:

Update README.md (#5)
* Update README.md

Thanks for flagging @Madeline-Stark ! Just switched the recommendation to DEV, and specified the blog schedule for immersive students!
Closes #3 
Closes #4

README.md, after:

# Blogging

During this course, you will be required to set up a personal technical blog,
blog regularly and share some blog posts with your fellow classmates.

But don't worry! It's going to be fun. We promise.

## Why We Blog

There are a number of very important reasons for maintaining your blog. Having a
personal technical blog demonstrates that you:

* Know your craft

* Understand and are passionate about your industry

* Can communicate through writing

And perhaps you can even build an audience - suggesting you’re pretty darn
likeable!

All of these are important down the line (don't worry about it now!) when you
are engaging in the job search.

Lastly, and very importantly, by blogging, you are giving back to the
development community of which you are now a part. How many times over the past
few weeks have you Googled something like "iterate over nested hash ruby" and
stumbled upon someone's technical blog? Even if you haven't had that experience
yet, we guarantee that over the course of the next few months, you'll follow
along with some generous developers blog post to implement something like
[web scraping with Ruby][], [setting up the Devise gem in a Rails application][]
or even [making your own gem][].

[web scraping with Ruby]: https://medium.com/@LindaHaviv/the-beginner-s-guide-scraping-in-ruby-cheat-sheet-c4f9c26d1b8c#.kkwe918o4
[setting up the Devise gem in a Rails application]: https://medium.com/@sherriously/switching-from-standard-bcrypt-rails-authentication-to-devise-1fd0e910bdda#.fj8ckgksq
[making your own gem]: http://www.thegreatcodeadventure.com/lets-make-a-gem/

As a beginning developer, you'll find yourself taking advantage of the many
wonderful blogs out there. That's one of the great things about the tech
community--it's full of people who want to learn, and who want to help others
learn.

_Your_ blog is your opportunity to give back to the tech community.

**Don't assume that, because you are a beginner, you have nothing to
contribute.** Your perspective as a beginner is immensely valuable, especially
to other beginners.

Below, we'll discuss the benefits of blogging and how you can get started.

## Benefits of Blogging

Blogging has many benefits for job seekers and non-seekers alike.

For starters, as a new developer, blogging allows you to reflect on what you
have learned. (Aka personal development.)

Blogging allows you to cement new concepts and technologies, and provides a
platform in which you can go deeper into exploring those concepts.

Learning to code takes lots of practice and lots of repetition. Once you
complete one new challenge, you'll have to re-enact what you learned again and
again, and even build on it. We've seen students write simple how-to blog posts
and revisit their own posts again and again when faced with similar challenges.

Blogging also sets you apart from others in the job search. When an employer
sees that you have a blog, it shows you’re unique, passionate, and productive on
your own time. And guess what? Hiring managers want to hire people who are passionate
and driven.

Even more, blogging shows a lot more than a resume does. On a resume, you simply
recall your experience, accomplishments, and what skills you have. With a blog
you show what you can do. It ultimately provides more information on you and
your personality than a resume alone.

Aside from standing out to employers, maintaining a blog keeps you sharp. It
gives you the opportunity to put your skills to use. Skills like developing and
designing your website to writing content.

Blogging also gives you the opportunity to engage with other bloggers, and vice
versa. It is a great way to engage with others and build relationships with
people in your industry.

Blogging is an investment in yourself. It's a space in which you can showcase
what you've learned, strengthen and explore what you're learning and contribute
to the larger tech community.

And above all, it's fun! **Don't think that every blog post you write must be
ground-breaking.** Your blog is your space to explore what you're learning, and
keep in mind that there are a lot of beginners out there that will benefit from
you sharing what you're learning at every stage of your development as a
developer.

## Some Short and Happy Stories About Blogging

While we mainly blog for our own personal growth and to give back to the
community, ocassionally, blogging during coursework has led some surprising
results!

* One former student, Tracy, maintained a technical blog while she was a student
and TA at Flatiron. When Tracy applied to be a developer at Rent the Runway, her
future employers checked out her [awesome blog][] and liked it so much, they
skipped over giving her a code challenge and advanced her to the final interview
stage.

* Another student, Steven, had their [blog post][] picked up by a Medium
publication.

* One student from 2017 received a job offer from an employer who found him
_through his blog_.

[awesome blog]: http://talum.github.io/
[blog post]: https://codeburst.io/bottom-of-the-barrel-8ef73eff00f0

## Getting Started

We recommend setting up your blog on an easy-to-use platform like
[Medium](https://medium.com/) or [DEV](https://dev.to/). Setting up
your blog and posting new content should be easy––reserve your effort for
writing blog posts and learning to code. However, if you want a bit of an extra
challenge, you can try blogging with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) or
[Octopress](http://octopress.org/). Or, if you're willing to pay a monthly fee,
we recommend using [Ghost](https://ghost.org/).

Don't hesitate to write your first blog post. Keep it simple. Pick a small topic
that you're interested in exploring more, or a concept/technique/technology that
you recently learned about that you'd like to cement for yourself. Something
like [Nested Arrays and Hashes in Ruby][] or even
something a little less technical.

[Nested Arrays and Hashes in Ruby]: http://www.korenlc.com/nested-arrays-hashes-loops-in-ruby/

If you are in the Immersive program, soon we'll deploy a schedule of blog posts.
Every day three different students will have a completed blog post due that they
will share with the class. You can expect to have one blog post due every
two-and-a-half to three weeks (but don't hesitate to blog more frequently than
that!)

## General Guidelines

* Stick to programming related topics.
* If you are including code examples, make sure to test them and ensure there are no errors
* Do not plagiarize
* No offensive material. Remember, this is a blog that you will be able to use
  in your future job search.
* Citing any sources is very helpful to your readers.

Don't forget to check spelling and grammar before publishing!
